Add a NILRT Security Policy page (#58)
ni/nilrt-docs: docs/source/policies/security_response_policy.rst

NI LinuxRT Security Response Policy
===================================

NI is committed to resolving major security vulnerabilities discovered in the x64 NI LinuxRT distribution images and core package feeds.

> The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score. But the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.

Reviewer: For ease of reviewing, I'd suggest we avoid putting paragraphs entirely on one line. The maximum line length is inconsistent throughout this repo--perhaps I'll fix that at some point--but pick something reasonable for this PR at least (I don't really care about the exact number; I'd probably choose one of 72, 80, 100, or 120 columns).

Author: Why does it matter? A 120 character line would still flag the whole line as being different if a word is changed. And differs which highlight intermediate changes like that will work the same.

Reviewer: Suggestion blocks become a minor annoyance due to the large copy-paste and sideways scrolling. I don't feel too strongly about it though.

```suggestion
The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score, but the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.
```

> The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score. But the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.

Reviewer: Should we mention how users can discover our vendor score? (Or is that covered by the "Requesting CVE Exposure" section below?)

Author: Yeah; I think that's covered in the disposition section. We don't have a process to publish our dispositions at the moment (though we're headed in that direction). So it's all manual.

> The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score. But the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.

Reviewer: nit: don't start a sentence with "but"
(several options to fix)

```suggestion
The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score, but the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.
```

```suggestion
The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score. The team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.
```

```suggestion
The LinuxRT development team regularly monitors the `NIST National Vulnerability Database <https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_ for published vulnerabilities, and uses that information to audit the x64 NILRT distribution software. When a vulnerability is discovered, the team evaluates its impact to our products and our customers' supported workflows, and assigns the vulnerability a vendor severity score. In many cases, NI's vendor score agrees with the NIST-assigned score; however, the team may downgrade a vulnerability if it does not affect the system in a supported configuration.
```

Author: That... isn't a real grammatical rule. The two sentences are complete thoughts and independent clauses, and so should be separated by a period. And the second thought is a logical exception to the first, so should have the "but" coordinating.

> Vulnerabilities which the team assesses as being high-severity are patched or otherwise fixed in the next release of the distribution. Critical-severity vulnerabilities may have their fixes backported to the latest distribution release, if it is similarly affected.

Reviewer: Maybe I'm overthinking this, but "latest distribution release" seems potentially ambiguous. If we ship a new release with a certain vuln fixed, would we fix the previous one even though the new release is now the "latest?"

Author: That was the best wording I could think of at the time. The alternative I considered was calling it the "current" release. But I think that really has the same ambiguity issues as the releases process. Do you have another alternative in mind?

Reviewer: Hmm, perhaps this?

```suggestion
Vulnerabilities which the team assesses as being high-severity will be patched or otherwise fixed in the following release of the distribution. Critical-severity vulnerabilities may be addressed in existing releases, before a scheduled release.
```

Author: Fixed Patch V2.

> To ensure that your NI LinuxRT deployment remains free of vulnerabilities, it is best to schedule regular upgrades of your deployment's firmware and base system images.

Reviewer: nit: plurality match

```suggestion
To ensure that your NI LinuxRT deployments remain free of vulnerabilities, it is best to schedule regular upgrades of your deployments' firmware and base system images.
```

Reporting Security Issues
-------------------------

> We encourage you to report security vulnerabilities to us privately so that we can follow a coordinated disclosure process, allowing us time to thoroughly investigate security issues and publicly disclose them when appropriate.

Reviewer: May be useful to link to an overall NI security page if we have one. Just chopping off part of the PGP URL below I found [this page][1].

[1]: <https://www.ni.com/en/support/security.html>

Author: Sure will fix.

Author: Fixed Patch V2.

> To report security issues in our products or on ni.com, email <`security@ni.com`_> with sufficient details about how to reproduce the issue. You may use the `NI PGP key <https://www.ni.com/en/support/security/pgp.html>`_ to encrypt any sensitive communications you send to us. When you notify us of a potential security issue, our remediation process includes acknowledging receipt and coordinating any necessary response activities with you.

Reviewer: Are we (or should we be) committing to any timeline for acknowledgement?

Author: We aren't. I copied this section verbatim from the main [NI security page](https://www.ni.com/en/support/security.html), and its contents are similar to what is standard across the industry.
